# MatlabBlackJack

Blackjack is a card game played with the between the player and the dealer. Every card has a specific points and both, the player and the dealer, tries to reach to 21 points, which is the maximum points you can have to stay in the game, or as close as possible. The player plays first and hits the deck till he wants so as to get closer to 21 points and can stay whenever he wants. If he goes over 21 points, he automatically loses. Then the dealer hits the deck. He can only hit if his points are under 17, which is a rule in this game. Thus, he tries to get more points than the player and still keep them under or equal to 21. One who has points closest to 21 wins the round. 

The code once ran, asks you how much money you want to keep as your balance. Then as you proceed to each round of blackjack, it asks you how much money are you willing to bet. It displays an error message if the bet money is invalid. It gives you your first 2 cards and asks you whether you want to hit the deck or not after showing your points. If you get an Ace, it always asks you whether you want to keep it as 1 or 11 points and calculates respectively. If you have an ace and you go over 21 points, it reduces 10 points from your total till your points are above 21 and you still have an Ace with 11 points. After your turn, the dealer plays and hits till he is above player points, and under 17 points. Then the last section of code checks who has won and displays the result accordingly. 

The difficulties faced were that in one condition, the dealer’s turn wasn’t getting executed where it should have been executed. We figured it out where 1 variable was making the trouble which led to all that. Other than this, there was no difficulty which occurred to us.
